---
draft: false
title: "2021"
job_nature: ""
category: "EGOI | IOI | APIO"
---



#####  International Olympiad in Informatics, 2021

[The International Olympiad in Informatics, 2021 (IOI-2021)](https://ioi2021.sg/) was organized online by Singapore during the period 19–28 June, 2021. The team that represented India at IOI-2021 was as follows.

*   **Aditya Jain**, _PACE Junior Science College, Mumbai_
*   **Udit Sanghi**, _Bhavan Vidyalaya, Panchkula_
*   **Kshitij Sodani**, _Delhi Public School, Gurgaon_
*   **Pranjal Srivastava**, _National Public School, Koramangala, Bangalore_

Udit Sanghi and Kshitij Sodani won silver medals while Pranjal Srivastava wone a bronze medal.

The Leader and Deputy Leader of the Indian contingent were Madhavan Mukund and K Narayan Kumar, both from Chennai Mathematical Institute, Chennai.

European Girls Olympiad in Informatics, 2021

The first ever [European Girls Olympiad in Informatics](https://egoi.ch/) was organized online by Switzerland during the period 13–19 June, 2021. The team that represented India at EGOI-2021, selected based on their performance in INOI-2021, was as follows.

*   **Khooshi Asmi**, _Surendranath Centenary School, Ranchi_
*   **Aishwarya Naidu**, _FIITJEE Saifabad, Hyderabad_
*   **Megha Hegde**, _AECS Magnolia Maaruti Public School, Bangalore_
*   **Gargi Tambe**, _Maharashtra Technical Education Society's Junior College, Karve Road, Pune_

Megha Hegde won a silver medal while Khooshi Asmi and Aishwarya Naidu won bronze medals.

The Leader of the Indian contingent was Malvika Joshi from MIT, USA. The Deputy Leader was Madhavan Mukund from Chennai Mathematical Institute, Chennai.

Asia-Pacific Informatics Olympiad, 2021

The [Asia-Pacific Informatics Olympiad 2021 (APIO-2021)](https://apio2021.id/) was organized online by Indonesia during the period 23–23 May, 2021. The Indian team for APIO consists of all students who have qualified for IOITC. The top six contestants from each country are eligible to receive medals at APIO.

Indian won six medals at APIO-2021. Udit Sanghi and Kshitij Sodani won silver medals. Shashwat Chandra, Mohit Hulse, Ritam Nag and Shiven Sinha won bronze medals

International Olympiad in Informatics Training Camp, 2021 (IOITC-2021)

The Indian team for IOI is selected at the International Olympiad in Informatics Training Camp (IOITC). IOITC-2021 was held online during the period March–June, 2021.

IOITC-2021 was coordinated by Ashish Gupta and Jatin Yadav who were actively involved throughout and played multiple roles. In addition to lectures and training, IOITC requires the creation of a large number of original problems of high quality, each of which has to be tested thoroughly. We thank all of the faculty who volunteered their time to help IOITC-2021 run smoothly, despite the uncertainties and disruptions due to the prevailing COVID-19 situation.

*   Ashish Gupta (Coordinator)
*   Jatin Yadav (Coordinator)

*   Sundar Annamalai (Problem Setter)
*   Balajiganapathi (Task Testing)
*   Sreejata Kishor Bhattacharya (Problem Setter)
*   Riley Borgard (Statement Verifier)
*   Aryan Choudhary (Task Preparation)
*   Alex Danilyuk (Task Testing)
*   Aman Dwivedi (Task Testing/Editorials)
*   Vichitr Gandas (Task Preparation)
*   Bhaskar Gupta (Task Testing)
*   Hriday G (Statement Verifier)
*   Shubham Jain (Problem Setter)
*   Anay Karnick (Task Testing)
*   K Narayan Kumar (Lecturer)
*   Anurudh Peduri (Task Testing)
*   Pranav Rajagopalan (Problem Setter)
*   Chaithanya Shyam (Task Testing)
*   Taranpreet Singh (Lecturer)
*   Akul Singhal (Task Testing)

Indian National Olympiad in Informatics, 2021 (INOI-2021)

The Indian National Olympiad in Informatics, 2021 (INOI-2021) took place on Sunday 28 February, 2021. [42 students have qualified for the International Olympiad in Informatics Training Camp, 2021 (IOITC-2021)](https://www.iarcs.org.in/inoi/2021/inoi2021/results_inoi2021.php) to select the Indian team for the International Olympiad in Informatics, 2021 (IOI-2021).

Zonal Informatics Olympiad, 2021 (ZIO-2021)

The Zonal Informatics Olympiad, 2021 (ZIO-2021) was held at 35 citues across India on Saturday, 19 December, 2020. 1340 students registered for ZIO-2021, of whom 815 wrote the exam.

[229 students have qualified through ZIO-2021 for INOI-2021.](https://www.iarcs.org.in/inoi/2021/zio2021/results_zio2021.php).

ZIO-2021 was conducted in cooperation with [TCS iON](https://www.tcsion.com/), a division of Tata Consultancy Services.

Question papers and solutions

ZIO-2021

*   [Question paper (PDF)](../zio2021/zio2021-question-paper.pdf).
*   [Solutions and cutoffs (PDF)](../zio2021/zio2021-solutions.pdf).